Then we're going to actually go ahead and
complete the Kafka-Python producer and consumer.
So we're first going to create the producer,
we have a produce function here,
and there is this async def,
you can safely ignore this if you'd like.
This is Python 3.6.0 Async IO Syntax and
I'm using it so that we can both produce and
consume within the same application more easily.
It's not important that you understand how this works for now,
so just go ahead and ignore it.
Say producer and then we're going to
configure this with the same settings as our admin client,
going to say bootstrap.servers broker URL.
This will create a producer that's connected to our Kafka broker.
Next, we're going to create a production loop.
In this loop all we're doing is producing some kind of data into this topic.
So we're going to say P.produce provide a topic name,
so we have that topic name up here.
Then we're also going to provide some data to it,
so I'm going to use Python three syntax here to format a string,
and I'm just going to put in a message and then the current iteration of this loop.
So it should just print out message zero,
message one, two, three, so on and so forth.
We're going to go ahead and save and that's all
there is to it when we actually want to produce.
But we also will need a consumer to consume the data so that we can see some output.
So let's go ahead and complete the consumer.
Consumers take essentially the same configuration
as both the admin client and the producer,
bootstrap.server set to broker URL.
However, we also need to set a group ID for our consumers,
we'll cover this in detail in lesson two but for now just name it whatever you want.
We'll call this first Python consumer group,
but you can give it whatever name you want.
We then need to subscribe to a topic.
So here we're going to provide the topic name,
and then finally we actually need to pull for messages from Kafka.
So now that we're subscribed we need to grab the messages.
So we're going to say, message equal c,
so this is the instantiated consumer client.pull.
Then we provide a timeout,
in this case we're going to give it a one second time out.
So if we don't receive a message in one second, we're going to time out.
Once we've received the message,
we've got to handle a couple of situations.
I'm going to clear this out but if the message is none or there's an error,
we need to provide some kind of information to the consumer client
so that it knows that either the message isn't valid or none was received.
If we did receive a message there's going to be
a key and a value that we can print out or return to our color.
So I'm going to clear this out, and I'm going to go ahead and say if message is none,
print no message received, else if message.error.
So was there an error is not none,
print message had an error and we're just going to render that in to the string.
Finally, we're going to say there is no issue,
the message is working appropriately.
So let's just go ahead and print out the key.
So message.key and the message value,
message.value, and with that we should be good to go.
So let's go ahead and save this and see what happens.
Let's give it a second here as it starts up.
We can also check the Kafka logs.
I see. So there was a mistake on our consumer here.
So when we subscribed,
I just pass in a topic name.
Let's actually take a look at the documentation to see what was the mistake here.
So if we go to the consumer on the left here in the documentation,
we can see the subscribe documentation.
I'm going to scroll down to that.
Looking for the S, so here we go.
Subscribe topics, so my mistake is that I just provided
a single string to it but like the topic creation and topic deletion,
it's also a list of topics.
So we're going to come back in here and just wrap this in a list syntax.
Save, and then we're going to go ahead and clear our terminal and try once more.
So we can see our consumers running,
no messages have been received yet.
It looks like our producer is now receiving messages.
So we're printing out that there's no key and that we have messaged 9,10,
11, 12 and so on.
You'll notice as the messages print to
the screen that they don't seem to be happening very quickly.
That's because I've specifically set the print time to one second per message.
We're only pulling for a message from Kafka once every second,
and that's all there is to it.
This is your first Kafka consumer and producer topic creation
and topic deletion with Python.
Now go ahead and give this a shot in your own workspace.